---
layout: default
title: My Courses
permalink: /home/course
---
# My Courses

## AP English Literature
From College Board:
> Learn how to understand and evaluate works of fiction, poetry, and drama from various periods and cultures. You’ll read literary works and write essays to explain and support your analysis of them.

Skills learned:
- Read a text closely and draw conclusions from details
- Identify the techniques used by an author and their effects
- Develop an interpretation of a text.
- Present your interpretation and make an argument for it in writing.

## AP Biology
From College Board:
> Study the core scientific principles, theories, and processes that govern living organisms and biological systems. You’ll do hands-on laboratory work to investigate natural phenomena.

Skills learned:
- Designing experiments and procedures to test a prediction or theory
- Collecting and analyzing data
- Interpreting data to draw conclusions 
- Developing and supporting a scientific claim with evidence 

## AP United States Government and Politics
From College Board:
> Study the key concepts and institutions of the political system and culture of the United States. You'll read, analyze, and discuss the U.S. Constitution and other documents as well as complete a research or applied civics project.

Skills learned:
- Connecting political concepts to real-life situations
- Explaining the impact and implications of certain U.S. Supreme Court decisions
- Analyzing data to find patterns and trends and draw conclusions
- Reading and analyzing text and visual sources
- Developing a claim or thesis and supporting it in an essay

## Computer Science and Software Engineering
From Course Homepage:
> All Del Norte CompSci classes are designed to provide a real-world development experience. Class time includes tech talks (lectures), peer collaboration, communication with teachers, critical thinking while coding, and creativity in projects. Grading is focused on time invested, participation with peers, and engagement in learning.

Skills learned:
- Introduction to concepts and requirements by the teacher
- Project-based learning with teacher support
- Peer communication and collaboration
- Coding, developer operations, and critical thinking
- Creativity, research, and utilizing ChatGPT
- Class work with approximately 2-3 hours of homework per week

## AP Statistics
From College Board:
> Learn about the major concepts and tools used for collecting, analyzing, and drawing conclusions from data. You’ll explore statistics through discussion and activities, and you'll design surveys and experiments.

Skills learned:
- Selecting methods for collecting or analyzing data
- Describing patterns, trends, associations, and relationships in data
- Using probability and simulation to describe probability distributions and define uncertainty in statistical inference
- Using statistical reasoning to draw appropriate conclusions and justify claims

